+++
# Custom widget.
# An example of using the custom widget to create your own homepage section.
# To create more sections, duplicate this file and edit the values below as desired.
widget = "courses"
active = true
# date = 2018-08-23T13:55:00

# Note: a full width section format can be enabled by commenting out the `title` and `subtitle` with a `#`.
title = "Neuroscience of Consciousness (PSB 4934)"
subtitle = "PSB 4934"


# Project title.
#title = "Translational Neurophysiology"

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = ""

# Optional image to display on homepage (relative to `static/img/` folder).
image_preview = "headers/Necker_cube_wide.png"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["Translational-Neuroscience", "LFP", "ECoG", "Circuits", "Neural Systems", "fMRI", "Neurology", "Perception"]

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 2

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "fncx-fig-4.png"
caption = "Neural Integration Networks"

+++

Conscious awareness is a hallmark of human experience. In this class we will consider cutting edge research of brain mechanisms and neural signs as we discuss abnormal, altered, disrupted, and non-human consciousness. As a result of this class, we will have a better understanding of the potential function of consciousness and be able to differentiate conscious from unconscious processes.

**Relevant topics will include**:  
&#8226; *anesthesia*  &#8226; *coma*  &#8226; *dreams*  
&#8226; *free-will*  &#8226; *hallucinations*    
&#8226; *hallucinogens*  &#8226; *illusions*  
&#8226; *imagination*  &#8226; *sleep* 

**Date & Time**:

- M,W,F, 9:35 - 10:25 AM (3rd period)

**Location**: [130 Psychology Building (PSY) ](http://campusmap.ufl.edu/#/index/0749)

**Registration**:  

- This course is designed for a general audience. 
- General knowledge of brain function and neuroscience principles will enhance your engagement and experience in the course.
- If pre-requisites are an obstacle to registration, please email Mears at ufl dot edu
- [Pre-req Waiver Form](https://sites.clas.ufl.edu/psych/files/waive_prereq_form.pdf)

**Textbooks**: 

- [Nunez, P. L. (2016). *The New Science of Consciousness: Exploring the Complexity of Brain, Mind, and Self*. Prometheus Books.](https://www.amazon.com/New-Science-Consciousness-Exploring-Complexity/dp/1633882195/)
- [Dehaene, S. (2014). *Consciousness and the brain: Deciphering how the brain codes our thoughts*. Penguin.](https://www.amazon.com/Consciousness-Brain-Deciphering-Codes-Thoughts/dp/0143126261/)

**Recommended Book**

- [Clark, A. (2015). *Surfing uncertainty: Prediction, action, and the embodied mind.* Oxford University Press.](https://play.google.com/store/books/details/Andy_Clark_Surfing_Uncertainty?id=TnqECgAAQBAJ)
